Hi Kannamma, (Pls bear with me calling by this name. This could be the last time I address this way)

	Thanks. Neenga intha letter a padika start pannathuku.
	
	I know this letter might be unexpected, but I wanted to take the time to express everything that has been on my mind for a long time. 
	Since we haven't spoken properly for nearly a year, Its me writing honestly—without filters, without pretenses. 
	No filters - as I said. Would be honestly happy if the reader managed to catch the content than any words, atleast this time.

    Before anything else — Happy Birthday.
	
	No wasting time.. Manasu la irukrathu la eluthidran.
	
	Never did I expect that I'd reach a point - left with no choice but to write a letter like this.. fingers crossed you'd read it completely.
	This gna be a lengthy letter. Oru varusham pesala la. You can assess your own patience level while reading this letter too.
	
	Love you time first message whatsapp.
	
	Oru sanda vanthuchu nale, 3 varushathuku munadi nadantha vishayam lam thirumba varum.
	Though I understand, antha incident aala erpatta impacts unga heart la fulla heal agala..
	But 3 varushathuku munade athunala potta sanda, pinna vantha compromise ellam ilama poiye...
	thirumba inum evlo varusham antha incidents kaga sandai thirumba varum? Will we ever, EVER move on? 
	
	You said once. Prachanai ah apove pesi solve panunga. Issue ah aarapodathinga. Prachanai varumpothey pesi mudichidalam. 
	But once solved - never bring it again later anytime.
	Oru advise solringa. Aana atha neengale yean follow panna matinguringa? 
	atha mathavanga matum follow pananum nu epdi nenaikringa?
	
	En wife kuda nan enna lam pannanum, epdi lam irukanum nu sonna.. atha neenga kaadhu kuduthu kuda keka matinga.
	Athunale enaku nane 2022 la whatsapp group create panni enaku thonum pothu lam marakama irukanum nu anupikuvean. Itha nan unga kita kuda sollirukean
	Apdi ena da unaku neeye anupikita nu oru 10 mins en pakathula okanthu atha lam en kuda pathurunthinga na, nan ipo intha letter eh elutha vendiya avasiyam irunthurukathu..
	
	Nan care panna - drama va unga veetula vachiko nu solringa. Ethuku da vambu nu silent ah iruntha.. Ungala olunga care panla nu solringa. 
	Nan independent girl - ena nane pathuka mudiyum. enaku yarum thevai ila nu solringa. I'm Born with golden spoon, do you know how pampered I am from my home num solringa.
	Everything is contradicting here. Which among above indicates the TRUE you amisdt your moodswings?

	I respect and understand. Neenga passionate & workholic. Aana dont you think, nobody is that busy to spend some time with ppl they love.. or in our case,
	ppl who longes for your love. Aasaiya oru 5 nimisham pesalam na.. Neenga ketta pala kelvi la enaku ninaivil irukum sila kelvigal:
	1. Abroad opportunities ena achu? ethachu pathingala?
	2. Plot - updates enna achu?
	3. Unga relatives ipdi pesitanga | apdi pesitanga.. "Arivu iruka"?
	4. Itha kuda olunga pannama - veetula oru naal fulla ena tha panitu irunthinga?
	5. En friends / relatives anga land vangitanga, inga land vangitanga. Neeyum oru varushama theditu thana iruka? Bla bla bla.

	Though, I agree question 1 and 2 is asked ensuring our secured life. Frequent followups did cause a feeling of urgency, pressure to accomplish, strangled word fights back with hosur home,
	for a moment, think if i was keeping on asking you about your PhD progress regularly on weekly basis. 
	Deep down, everyone knows it takes its own time and has many dependencies. 
	Still, How would it feel always being in an virtual answerable podium under fire? 
	
	En mugatha pathu neenga pesna neratha vida, nan pakam irunthalum neenga unga phone screen ah pathutu iruntha neram - adhigam. 
	Apdi oru nerathula.. I once asked "whats your love language?" 
	Believe or not. Ponnungaluku 1 love language irunthale atha her man satisfy panrathu kashtam. you said all 5. Poor me :)
	But mine was simple. only 1. Longed for "quality time" with you.
	Which I never remember, I got.
	
	Neenga unga lab la okanthu ennala aluveenga nu solirukinga. Neenga anga poi alugura alavuku nan ena thappu senjan nu enaku theriyala.
	Aana nan antha vellore veetula thaniya evlo naalo alunthurukan. Athu antha v2 walls, my SAP laptop kita keta theriyum. My bad - neither can speak.
	
	Calendar la sandaya note panran nu athukum sandaya potinga. Atha pannathey - oru month ku evlo sanda namakula varuthu nu namaku naame assess panni, valid a iruntha pesi correct panrathuku tha.
	Atha kuda unga v2la solli kaati - ena kettavan aakitinga. 
	
	I once said - Ungaluku oru setback na, athu enakum setback. Ungaluku ethachu prachanai na - athu en prachanai nu sollirukan.
	But I always felt ungakuku nan yar kita avathu thittu vanguna (esp from either of our family), yarachu enna kevalama pesna ungaluku manasukula santhosam. 
	I never had a feeling, you stood on my shoes once to see my situation ever. But I always did it in your case.
	I also felt it and got a feedback during our virunthu in Thangam chithi house, Dharmapuri. 
	With all those complaints you bestowed me to chithi / chitappa and after my counter defense for those complaints - that eve..
	They took me seperately upstairs and advised, "Karthi, ena nadanthalum, ungalukula nadakratha ungalukule vachikonga."
	
	I felt that was an eyeopener and was rootcause for all the hussle (which we had till then - rather even now)
	Athunala tha I came up with a thumb rule. Whatever happens within us, we stay our hands tied creating a virtual circular rope and always stay together inside letting no one in. 
	Making sure to leave the external noise outside.
	But I always felt, however strong I held it tight from one end.. my counterpart was always ready with a scissor to cut from the other end to leave the rope.
	Over the time - This gave me a feeling of NO hope. No matter what, she was always ready to leave me at any given stage. Incidents and words would touche'
	
	Despite a roller coaster ride of 10 months of togetherness with handful of ups and downs - I do gather few moments that I'd cherish.
	Oct 8, 2022 ~11PM: your teary eye in Chennai airport before my departure. that drop is enough for my lifetime. 

	En wife kita en ella secrets um sollanum nu en amma kita kuda solatha evalavo incidents unga kita solirukan (even before our marriage). 
	Athula filters irukathu. Infact that is / was real ME.
	But nan personala sonna vishayam, namakula pesikira vishayam kuda neenga unga veetula share panni - unga kita ethachu sonna athu namakula tha irukum nu nan vachiruntha trust break agiduchu.
	Apo irunthu nan unga kita share panrathey konja kojama korachikitean. Even within us, I'm judged with what I speak. Ilatha antha mask a en mela elarum pottu pottu - ipo nan yaru nu enake maranthu pochu.
	
	Isnt Love means accepting the girl / guy - the way she / he is? 
	Maybe, I lived with a wrong definition my whole life. Now I need to start finding from scratch what real love means?
	
	Ithu puriyama, Mama - "pondati kita ethum maraikatha karthi. Poi sollatha karthi" nu evlo thadava sollirukaru. 
	Strange. Avar life la evalavo pathurupar. En age/life exp kadanthu tha vanthurupar. Still - he never read me even a bit.
	
	I still remember, nan 2nd time varen nu sollumpothu (athai / mama / madhu went for few temples down south). That Thursday..
	Me: "Kannamma, Nan nalaki kelambi varatuma".
	You: "inga vanthu matum ena pana poringa"
	Me: "Ithennama kelvi. unkuda time spend panuvean"
	you: "Nane saturday kuda office poi late a tha v2ku varuvean. Sunday oru naal tha free ah irukan. (I heard you saying about driving class over weekends)
	Me: Sarima. Apo nan ingaye veedu pakarean (I still thought, you'd ask me to comeover). 
	But you said: OK
	
	Sunday - when i called, you started with "sollunga pa". I immediately had smile on my face hearing it after MANY months. You told you're attending friend's sister's marriage.
	I hanged up saying catch you later. Only to hear you confess, "sollunga pa" was coz you'd your friends' around. Bundle of joy burst like a toy..
	Next day, when I had called multiple time to know your whereabouts despite your nil response.
	I was yelled "Un drama va unga v2la vachiko".
	
	I've always believed and told. Unga work unga lifesytle baathikatha alavuku pathukonga. The more you work tirelessly, the more you get fed up & exhausted.
	Humans, after all. get burnt up with no fuel left.
	Antha exhausion will turn up as hatred not only professionally, but personally too. Athu ungaluku matum ila, ungala suthi irukavangalayum bathikum. 
	I believe, it had its own extent of scratches in our relationship too.
	 
	Ithu varikum enakaga enna panna nu kekringa. Neenga ketta nala ena lam pannan nu nyabagam irukratha la sonna..
	"solli katriya?" nu vera angle la varinga. Apo unmailaye nan antha kelvi ku ena sollanum nu expect panringa?
	Sari. Unga ishtapadi Nan onnume seiyala ney othukurean.
	But Neenga ketta athey kelviya nan ungala thirupi ketta - ungaluku enkita solla enna bathil iruku? 
	1 min neengale porumaya yosichu - antha bathila ungaluke sollikonga.
	enaku antha bathil vendam. As I always said.. I had / have NO expectations on you nor your family. Indeed, Will never have.

	"Una yaru Malaysia poga sonnathu" nu Mama kettaru nga. 
	Though this is completely my own decision, nan yen porean nra personal reason +
	oru paper la pros and cons, financial prospect numbers based on Maxis offer vs SAP (for next 1-2 year) ellam ungakita pottu katitu tha ponen. 
	
	Ellathayum unga veetla solra neenga - ithaiyum solliruntha, Nan yen Malaysia ponen nra kelvi ella thadavaiyum enake thirumba vanthurukathu. 
	Athuku nan ovvoru thadavaiyum lengthy explanation um kuduka thevai irunthurukathu.
	
	Though I regret for the personal grief I undergo now could be due to account of it. But from financial point of view, my decision was RIGHT. 
	I stand by it.
	
	Ena porutha varikum, nan sonnatha senjirukean nga. 
	Though the scale may vary as per individual's extent of expectation on "foreign" and "land's" definition.. One can deny. 
	But to me I delivered what I promised.
	I'll remain with that contentment.
	
	Manasey maruthu pochu nga. I started to accept the fact that this how my life is destined. 
	Mudhalo Mudivo.. Unga kai laye vitturrean.
	
	"I Love you Kannamma" nu type panni backspace press panna vendiyatha iruku. Coz for the reader, its a lie - anyway!!
	Ena seiya.. Nenja kizhichu thorantha kaata mudiyum? 
	
	With that being said to whomsoever concerned...
	
	"I don't know if this letter will change anything. Maybe it won't. 
	But I wanted to say it all once.. Take care."
	
	Thanks for your time..
	Thanks for everything... 
	//Tamil 
	
	PS: Kudos, I was wrong. You still have some patience left. Lastly, how can i end this letter without a trademark thirutu song.
	"Marandhaye" song from Teddy kelunga. Wd've heard atleast 100 times since last year. Thats my last one thiruttu song dedicated to you...
	May you get - what you seek.
	May God - be with you.
